cpu_nprocs                  CPUNProcs
mem_allocated               MemAllocated
mem_total                   MemTotal
node_gets                   NodeGets
node_gets_total             NodeGetsTotal
node_puts                   NodePuts
node_puts_total             NodePutsTotal
vnode_gets                  VnodeGets
vnode_gets_total            VnodeGetsTotal
vnode_puts                  VnodePuts
vnode_puts_total            VnodePutsTotal
pbc_active                  PbcActive
pbc_connects                PbcConnects
pbc_connects_total          PbcConnectsTotal
nodename                    NodeName
ring_creation_size          RingCreationSize
cpu_avg1                    CpuAvg1
cpu_avg5                    CpuAvg5
cpu_avg15                   CpuAvg15
node_get_fsm_time_95        NodeGetFsmTime95
node_get_fsm_time_99        NodeGetFsmTime99
node_get_fsm_time_100       NodeGetFsmTimeMax
node_get_fsm_time_mean      NodeGetFsmTimeMean
node_get_fsm_time_median    NodeGetFsmTimeMedian
node_put_fsm_time_95        NodePutFsmTime95
node_put_fsm_time_99        NodePutFsmTime99
node_put_fsm_time_100       NodePutFsmTimeMax
node_put_fsm_time_mean      NodePutFsmTimeMean
node_put_fsm_time_median    NodePutFsmTimeMedian
read_repairs                ReadRepairs
read_repairs_total          ReadRepairsTotal